1. Connect instruments

2. Turn on external input on potentiostat. Apply your DC bias using the potentiostat

3. Match "Current range" in the GUI to the current range selected in the potentiostat. Make sure
   "Potentiostat" in the GUI matches the type of potentiostat used (Gamry/ Autolab).

4. The appropriate arb and oscilloscope should be selected automatically (Rigol DG8A and Siglent SDS1EDX). 
   If one of the boxes is blank, check power & USB connections, and troubleshoot with NI-VISA.

5. Select waveform, set AC amplitude, then "Apply Wave". If you want to create a new waveform, 
   create_waveform.py has some appropriate functions (good luck). Waveform csv files need to be placed
   in \EIS_Control\waveforms

6. Type the DC bias into "DC Offset" and hit Apply. This roughly positions the oscilloscope screen.

7. Manually adjust both vertical channels of the oscilloscope to view both full traces.

8. (For a new waveform) Hook up known resistor, "Record Reference", type in resistance (i.e. 10k).
   This measures the transfer function of the potentiostat so it can be corrected for in your actual data.
   For the Autolab (and probably Gamry as well), the transfer function is different for different current
   ranges.

9. (Optional) Record signals for 10 s. Then Create waveform from last measurement. Load the new waveform
   (Rigol_opt_ ) to the arb. This "optimizes" the waveform by applying more power for frequencies
   with high impedance and significantly enhances S/N. 

10. Record your data. Make sure "Apply reference correction" is checked, set an appropriate recording time,
   and verify that both traces are fully visible on the oscilloscope. Then hit "Record and save". You
   will be prompted for a file name after recording is finished.

11. Data will be saved to C:/Desktop/EIS_Output/. Each frame of data is saved as a tab-separated .txt file
   named after its frame number (i.e. the first frame is 0000s.txt). 0000_time_list.txt contains a list
   of the frame times (time after "Record" when that frame started recording). Data analysis is left as
   an excercise for the reader.

